In this lecture, we will go through all the prerequisites that you need to install before you can start
building your microservices.
Let's have a look at the tools and technologies that you will need the after.
I'll provide you with links we can down at each of the respective tools and technologies.
Importantly, I uploaded a file in the resources section that contains all of these download links and
Docker commands.
The first thing that you will need is the Java development kit with JDK eight as a minimum.
You will also need a built automation tool.
And for this course, we will use MAVEN only then you will need an I.D. or code editor such as Intelligent
NetBeans Eclipse or the Popular Vehicle Code Code Editor.
You will also need postmen.
The Exxon platform.
Mongo DB and my sequel.
For the JDK or Java development kit, you can either go for the open JDK or Oracle JDK.
Now I'm using open JDK 15.
So if you want to follow exactly what I'm doing, then I'll recommend that you also install JDK 15.
You can get the open JDK from open JDK to Java, that net forward slash install and the Oracle JDK from
Oracle dot com forward slash Java forward slash technologies forward slash Java s e hyphen downloads
dot html.
And once you've installed the JDK, we can run the following command.
I'm going to open my terminal and run Java Dash version.
And there you can see that I'm using open JDK 15.
Then for MAVEN, you can download MAVEN from MAVEN Dot to patchy dot org forward slash down the dot
CGI.
And once you've installed MAVEN, you can run either MAVEN Dash V or MAVEN.
Dash Dash version and as you can see, I'm using MAVEN three point 6.3.
And then you need to install an I.D. or code editor.
Now most of you will probably already have a JDK installed, as well as MAVEN or Gradle as bold automation
tools.
And then obviously an I.D. as well.
I'm just including this for developers that are new to Java.
You can download interrogé from Jed brains that.
Com Forward slash idea forward slash download.
I'm going to use intelligence in this course.
So if you don't have an I.D. installed yet and you want to follow exactly what I'm doing, I can recommend
the intelligence community version.
You can also download NetBeans from NetBeans that Apache dot org food slash download forward slash indexed
HTML eclipse from Eclipse, that oak food slash downloads and voice code code that visual studio dot
com forward slash download.
For.
You can download it from Postman dot com forward slash downloads and then probably one of the most exciting
tools that we are going to use in this course is Docker.
I've added a direct link for Docker, for Mac or Windows from Docker dot com forward slash products
forward slash Docker desktop.
I've also added multiple Linux downloads, one for Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS and Fedora.
I'm not going to read out all of these your eyes, but please look in the pre-requisites installation
file that I've attached in the resource section.
And then finally, once you've installed Docker, you can run Docker version and as you can see, I
am running Docker version nineteen point zero three point one three, and then you can also see the
build number.
Importantly, you have to start all Docker commands with Sudo, which refers to running commands in
Linux with security privileges or as a super user.
The equivalent in Windows would be to run command prompt or PowerShell as administrator.
We can use the command sudo Docker pass.
And then you can see that no containers are currently running.
We are going to run a few of our dependencies in Docker instead of installing them onto our local machines
in the traditional fashion.
But before we can do that, we need to create a Docker network so that our containers will be able to
communicate with one another.
Therefore, we are going to run the following Docker command have been your terminal and run Docker
network create Dash Dash Attachable, which will allow us to manually attach our containers to this
network that we are about to create.
Then Space Dash D, which allows us to specify the network driver.
Let's go for overlay, which would enable this network to span multiple Docker hosts.
We are, however, only going to work with a single Docker host in this course.
So you could really change overlay to bridge.
However, I'm going to leave it as overlay.
Then lastly, let's give our network a name.
Let's call it Springbank net hit.
Enter.
OK, now go ahead and run Ducker network.
Else to list all of the Docker networks on the host.
And then you can see our newly created Springbank Net Network.